---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-16T20:03:17.308Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-16T20:03:12.070Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-16-71037b29-8f8b-4f73-9a2d-a18d038bb112.md
published: true
url: 71037b29-8f8b-4f73-9a2d-a18d038bb112/index.html
_type: Article

---
# Hey! Happy PI Day!

So you are probably wondering why I didn't send my email out on monday because we had to move our P-Day BUT it was for a good cause! I got to go to the Boston Temple today!!!! It was AMAZING!!!! I love the temple so much! We had a good time driving down with Sister Lytle and Anderson. They are both amazing sisters in the Lebanon ward. The Boston temple looks quite a lot like the rexburg temple but it is very different as well. It is so beautiful!

I think I set up photo sharing... Let me know if you got it... If it didn't work I'm sorry. I posted some photos/videos from my time here. You can post pictures as well because I want to see your lovely faces! 

I got more things from Japan from Brother and Sister Garland. I got a handmade ceramic tea-lamp shade made by a little autistic japan elementry student! I love it! The Garlands are awesome! The feed us every week!

We had Zone Conference yesterday. We had it at the JSM. It was really cool! It was the first time me and Sister Sewell had been there (we were going to go on monday with Ann our investigator but the weather was bad...(freezing rain is kindof scary...)). It was the first time I had been to Vermont. There are more hills in Vermont.

We also had exchanges! We got down to Cantabury okay without a GPS (and we only slightly got lost in downtown concord on the way...). I was with Sister Craig. She is an amazing Sister Training Leader! We had a lot of fun!

Ann our investigator is doing really well! She came to church again (she came in late which made me sad because she missed the talk I gave). She is progressing amazingly! She loves learning about the gospel! We showed her one of the new easter videos that came out this last week (They are all so amazing and you should all watch them!). It was cool because the one we watched fit her situation perfectly! I love to see the little miracles like that!

Once again I love reading your amazing letters! I love you!

-Sister Franson